SUMMARY (45 pts)
    BACKGROUND
        EXPLANATION OF THE GAME (establish the rules, what is normally played, what is done at some casinos and what gives them the edge (hole card), what are the rules in the game that I have modeled)
        PREVIOUS WORK ON THE TOPIC (cite some sources if I can find any)
        MY THOUGHTS (what would logically make sense, preconceived notions on the game and taking the edge from the casino)
    WORK
        explain the programs written, the basic logic, documentation (almost but not really) (WRITE THE DOCUMENTATION LAST)
        add comments into the code to make it more readable and hopefully get some EC (DO THIS LAST)
        put the metrics here with charts and some brief explanations about what they mean



1 background
    1.1 explaination of the game
        the game of blackjack can be boiled down into a very simple set of rules. The goal of the player is to have highest value hand on the table without its value exceeding 21. The game starts with a dealer who deals out 2 card hands to all players including himself. All cards with the exception of one of the dealers cards are facing up, viewable by all players. The dealer then iterates through all participants letting them play out their turns to completion before playing his own turn. Each player has only a few moves available to them. The first option is to "stand". If one stands, they are deciding that they would like to end their turn, after which, the next player then participates. The next option is to "hit". To hit means to receive an additional card from the dealer. The dealer will then deal out another card to the player and the player can continue their turn. The next option that a player can take advantage of, is to "double down" or "double". To double means to receive an additional card and double ones betting amount (and thus their potential returns) simultaneously. The final option is to "split", the player has the option to split only at the beginning of the game, immediately after being dealt their initial 2 card hand considering that they have 2 of the same cards (same value and/or face). To split means to divide that 2 card hand into 2 separate 2 card hands. The original two cards are split and each new hand is dealt another card. The original bet placed also then divides amongst the two hands. This means if one loses and one wins, the player doesn't win or lose any money. 


explain the settings of the game and also how betting works